c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\id3Learn.exe.config
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\id3Learn.exe
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\id3Learn.pdb
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\IdentityServer3.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\IdentityServer3.pdb
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\IdentityServer3.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\obj\Debug\id3Learn.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\obj\Debug\id3Learn.exe
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\obj\Debug\id3Learn.pdb
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Literate.dll
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\xiaoling\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\id3Learn\id3Learn\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Literate.xml
